<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN"
   "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" />
        <link rel="stylesheet" href="css/style.css" type="text/css" />
        <title>AI Art - Transcript</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <div class="extra-margin">
            <button class="hc-mode" value="false"></button>
        </div>
        <div class="extra-margin">
            <p>
                We just created this in just two minutes. Are you ready to learn about a free AI art generator that can create this, this,
                or even this? By feeding the right prompts! Here is the deal: it's incredibly easy to use, completely free, and with some
                basic knowledge that this video will give you, you'll be able to create beautiful pieces of art yourself (kind of).
            </p>

            <p>
                Okay, so the easiest way to access this is using Discord. If you don't have Discord already, you can head on over to
                discord.com and simply download it. If you're not familiar, it's like WhatsApp for communities. Once you fill this out, you
                have a Discord account and we can get to using Midjourney.
            </p>

            <p>
                Now that you have Discord set up, you need to join the Midjourney server to use this. As promised, it's going to be super
                simple. You just go to discord.gg/midjourney, the link is in the description below. Once you confirm the invite, you just
                joined the Midjourney Discord server, and this is by far the easiest way to interact with it. All you need to do is go into
                one of these newbie channels and type /imagine.
            </p>

            <p>
                Now I get to tell it the keywords of what I want it to generate. Okay, so I went with a dragon riding scenario here and now
                I'll give it two instructions that will make the result very realistic and detailed. One last thing to get the best results:
                you have to type --V 4. That tells it to use version 4 of Midourney, which will give you the best results. Additionally, I
                also tell it --ar 2:3. This picks the aspect ratio and you have the options of 2:3, 1:1, or 3:2. Hit Enter, and now we wait.
            </p>

            <p>
                There you go! Wow! Okay, so now you get nine more options. 'U' stands for 'upscale', which means if I like one of these, it
                scales it up to full resolution. And 'V' stands for 'I like this version'. Create four more like that, and these arrows -
                you got it wrong, go over again. So I'm thinking version 3 right here is closest to my vision, so I'll just say 'V3'. Okay,
                not bad. I think number two is a winner, so I'll go ahead and say 'upscale 2'.
            </p>

            <p>
                And there you have it! You can generate 25 of these for free. After that, it costs $10 a month to get 100 of these, which
                also allows you to generate them privately as this is public. If I go to this message, say add a reaction, and use the email
                Emoji, the Bot will DM me the full-resolution picture and we just created this in just two minutes. Next up, you might want
                to check out this playlist with AI beginner content. See you there!
            </p>

            <a href="index.html" class="link">Back to site</a>
        </div>
        <script type="text/javascript">
            //<![CDATA[
            const root = document.documentElement;
            const hcButton = document.getElementsByClassName("hc-mode")[0];

            if (hcButton) {
                hcButton.addEventListener("click", () => {
                    const value = hcButton.getAttribute("value");
                    if (value === "false") {
                        root.style.fontSize = "180%";
                        hcButton.setAttribute("value", "true");
                    } else {
                        root.style.fontSize = "";
                        hcButton.setAttribute("value", "false");
                    }
                });
            }
            //]]>
        </script>
    </body>
</html>
